[MLOB-2691] Reorg LLMO evaluations documentation (#29421)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/llm_observability/terms/_index.md

## Evaluations

LLM Observability offers quality checks and out-of-the-box metrics to evaluate the quality and effectiveness of your LLM conversations. With [evaluations][11], you can understand the performance of conversations and enhance your LLM application's responses. This improves the user experience and ensures valuable, accurate outputs.

> While Datadog provides [out-of-the-box evaluations][12] for your traces, you can also [submit your own evaluations][6] to LLM Observability, integrate with frameworks like [Ragas][13] and [NeMo][14], or Datadog's [Sensitive Data Scanner][5].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While Datadog provides [out-of-the-box evaluations][12] for your traces, you can also [submit your own evaluations][6] to LLM Observability or integrate with frameworks like [Ragas][13] and [NeMo][14]. In addition, Datadog's [Sensitive Data Scanner][5] is natively integrated with LLM Observability, such that any sensitive data in your input and output is scanned and redacted.
```

> While Datadog provides [out-of-the-box evaluations][12] for your traces, you can also [submit your own evaluations][6] to LLM Observability or integrate with frameworks like [Ragas][13] and [NeMo][14]. In addition, Datadog's [Sensitive Data Scanner][5] is natively integrated with LLM Observability, such that any sensitive data in your input and output is scanned and redacted.

Reviewer 2: This is a lot of links to have in one paragraph, which can get in the way of a reader's ability to parse the entire thing. I might consider using bullet points to make it easier to scan and decide what links are relevant to them, so something like:
```suggestion
Datadog provides a variety of options for your evaluations:
- Use [out-of-the-box evaluations][12] for your traces
- [Submit your own evaluations][6] to LLM Observability
- Integrate with frameworks like [Ragas][13] and [NeMo][14]

In addition, Datadog's [Sensitive Data Scanner][5] is natively integrated with LLM Observability, so you can ensure any sensitive data in your input and output is scanned and redacted.
```
